Hey, everybody. Welcome to another wonderful recording of Python Bytes.
Well, let's just kick it off. I'm good.
That's not kicking it off, Brian. No, let's do it.
Okay. Hello and welcome to Python Bytes,
where we deliver Python news and headlines directly to your earbuds.
This is episode 455, recorded October 27th, 2025.
And I'm Brian Okken.
I'm Michael Kennedy.
And this episode is sponsored by the wonderful people at Python Bytes.
Actually, both and everybody here.
So please check out the work we do for a little bit of money.
We've got Talk Python Training with tons of wonderful courses
and his new book, of course, Michael's new book.
And then also, if you want to check out pytest, there's the complete pytest course, or you can take the pytest course at Talk PythonTraining.
And as always, thank you to our Patreon supporters.
You guys rock.
We don't shout you out all the time, but we always appreciate you.
If you'd like to submit a topic idea or some feedback for us or just say hi, check out the show notes at pythonbytes.fm.
There's links to our socials.
We've got the show and both Michael and I are on Bluesky and Fosstodon, but that's really
massive.
So wherever you're at there, if you're listening to this and you're like, what sounds like
they're recording live some somewhere we can see it.
Yes, we are recording and streaming, but you can watch all the back episodes or participate
in the chat.
If you want to, check out pythonbytes.fm/live with all the details there and a link to when we're going to record next.
Before we get started, one last thing.
We do send out a newsletter that's getting better and better as we go along, thanks to both Michael and I working on it a little bit.
So there's a newsletter we send out with all the links so you don't have to take notes.
We'll send you out an email.
So sign up for the newsletter and we'll send you those links and extra details too.
It's a great resource.
Yeah, I think people really appreciate it, Brian.
You know, if you look at when you send out the email and then book back at the campaign,
how many people actually open to the thing that we send out or click on it?
Those are really close to 100%, which is ridiculous.
So that's a really good sign that other people might also like it.
Yeah, I think that people are using it in place of taking notes.
And also, if you're in a car or something,
you don't want to try to remember.
You don't have to.
So awesome.
All right, Michael, what do you got for us right away?
Well, let me see what I can do here.
Let's see what the Cyclops says.
The Cyclops.
It's like a little programming kitty, but it's a Cyclops.
It's a cute--
Like OPT, operations.
Like, I get it.
So we've heard of Click.
You and I were both just actually singing the praises
of ArgPars, which is pretty interesting.
I am such a fan of ArgPars these days
because it's just built in, and it's simple,
and it's good enough.
But if you were building something where the CLI API,
or interface or dev user experience was super important,
you might choose something other than arg parse.
So what are your options?
You could choose Click.
You could choose Typer.
Typer is actually built on Click.
So in a sense, it's like Starlette and FastAPI.
You choose one, you get the other, in a sense.
So there's a blend there.
And there's others.
I know I'm not--
there's a bunch of different CLI building options.
But the Cyclops is one that sort of has the second mover advantage over typer.
And their sort of tagline, I don't remember where I saw it, but
somewhere in here, it's not actually right here on this page.
But no shade at typer, but it says what you thought typer was going to be.
And by second mover advantage, it's like, all right,
we've seen different interface things built based around type information.
And now that we've seen the pluses and the minuses,
could we do a slightly different version that
has more pluses and fewer minuses?
And so there's a whole page of the typer comparison here.
And I'm not a super expert on typer.
My CLI foo is not that great.
So there's 13 different things, 13 different components
features or aspects of the API that they chose to address to say type is great. We're basically
inspired by typer. That's what we're doing. However, there's a couple of these 13 areas,
I think we should make better, right? So you could actually go through and look at all
of them. Probably the biggest one is that typer was made with Python, three, seven, three,
where Python's types were at an earlier stage in their life.
You had to say things like, this is an argument of int,
or it is an int when it's actually an argument of int
or something like that.
And this Cyclops thing was built once annotated was introduced,
which allows you to have sort of a dual role.
It really is one of these, but its type could also be
like its native value right allowing the removal of proxy defaults why does that matter because if
you build a CLI with Cyclops you can still and you use types you can still use it as regular
functions as if they just had an integer where it said it took an integer and so on so you know
things like that it's got about I think a thousand github stars or so it's not crazy crazy popular
But if you're really loving that concept of having types for your CLI,
give us a look.
Yeah, actually, I got a shout out to him for doing things like comparing to Typer.
Because like you said, a lot of us, I use Typer as well.
And I've used Typer, I've used Click and ArgParse.
And so you're probably not going to grab too many of the ArgParse people because they're just using it because it's built in, maybe.
You're like the unit test people, Brian.
What can you do?
You talk pytest for 10 years.
I yell louder.
That's what I do.
But I think it's a fair thing because I'd be thinking, well, if I'm not going to use ArgParse, I'm probably going to reach for TyperClick, lately Typer.
but having this
you know
comparison here
and then even a migration
from Typer
if you're
I think that's cool
to show that
so
and
and there's always
room for making
CLI tools better
we love CLI tools
yeah
yeah there definitely are
but yeah so cool
I ran across this
and
I built something with it
recently
and it was
it was nice
so
oh did you
checking out
a little
I'm starting to add, I've been kind of,
I've drunk the Kool-Aid now that maybe having an actual CLI,
even from my own tools, might be a little bit better than just,
here's a script I run, and maybe I'll pass it something
and just look at sys.argv and see if it's in there.
Oh, man.
Let's do a little bit better.
And now that I've started to do that,
I've been playing with these different ones,
which is, I think, where I kind of got inspired
to go down this path and talk about it today.
Yeah, awesome.
Cool.
I want to talk about the present, the future, a little bit of both.
So there is this interesting article, of course, in Python 3.14.
Well, we had it in 3.13, is that the GIL was optional with what they call the free threading version, right?
Free threaded Python.
Not the gill-less, not the galectomy, but free-threaded, I think is where we landed, from the pep.
Okay, but is it kind of the same thing?
Yeah.
Okay.
Oh, right.
The galectomy was a different project.
Yeah, it was...
Gosh.
Anyway.
Larry Hastings was doing that.
But I believe...
I mean, the free-threaded stuff, there's a lot of things that had to happen.
And actually, my next topic is also on free-threaded Python.
And it's not just let's take out the gil, but they had to rework memory management, the structure of objects.
There's like a lot of moving parts in order to make this possible.
Okay, cool.
Well, okay, so with the free-threaded Python, so now we have in 3.13, we had two versions of Python released.
So if you go to download Python, you get a choice.
And with uv too, you can add a T to it, 3.14 T, and you get the free threaded version.
And also definitely encourage everybody to test and publish that you've tested.
In CI, you go ahead and test it because the CI tools support both.
Why do we care about this?
Well, because some people are migrating to it because as with 3.14, it's no longer just an experimental thing.
So here, I'm going to cover an article by Giovanni Barili.
Sorry, Giovanni.
I can pronounce that one.
I'm pretty sure this is the same Giovanni that makes Granian.
Oh, okay.
I think so.
The future of Python web services looks gill-free.
So it starts out with two major changes when comparing free-threaded variant of 3.14 versus 3.13.
First, free-threaded support now reaches phase two, meaning it is no longer considered experimental.
So everybody's on board with this is what we're going to at least try to do for a while.
Not just try to do, but the Python core team is supporting this, and we're going to do it moving forward.
What does that mean?
it means that people can depend on a free-threaded version
and change their code accordingly if necessary,
which is great,
especially for a lot of ASIC stuff like web services.
So secondly, the implementation is now completed,
meaning that the workarounds introduced in 3.13
make code sound.
To make code sound without the gil are now gone
and free-threaded implementation now uses the adaptive interpreter as the gill-enabled variant
what does that mean uh it means that the option the additional optimizations oh okay also those
facts plus additional optimizations make the performance penalty that we had in 313 way better
or way less annoying so in 313 the free thread if you're doing non-async code just straight code
you had to face like a 35% time penalty, which sucks.
Now it's like a 5% to 10% difference,
and I think it's going to shrink even more.
So if you don't need the free-threaded, don't use it,
or use it, whatever.
But if it's time-critical, don't right now.
But I think it's going to get better.
And especially if you are using async and stuff,
it's way faster to use the free-threaded, of course.
So this article does a shout out to Miguel Grimberg's article about performance.
I think we covered it last week.
You did.
Okay.
No, maybe I did.
We did.
I can't remember who started it.
So this article has a whole bunch more benchmarks,
and I'm not going to walk through all of them,
but talks about doing a service with JSON responses
and both measuring with WSGI and ASCII implementations.
And yes, talking about using Granian.
So that makes sense.
So I'm going to jump down.
So there's a bunch of metrics,
but basically the end result is if you're using ASCII or ASGI,
the free-threaded one is obviously the way to go.
And you don't get really much of a hit because of free-threaded implementation at all.
You get speedups and memory usage is reasonable.
So what I want people to do, if you're going to check this out, is to jump down to the final thoughts because there's some great stuff here.
Essentially, so what do I want to pick out?
On asynchronous protocols like ASGI, despite the fact that concurrency model doesn't change that much, it's a shift from one event loop per process to one event loop per thread.
I think that's a big change, actually.
Just the fact that we no longer need to scale memory allocations just to use more CPU is a massive improvement.
That's cool.
Didn't know that.
That's neat.
For everybody out there coding a web application in Python,
simplifying the concurrency paradigms
and the deployment process of such applications
is a good thing, obviously.
And the conclusion being,
for me, the future of Python web services
looks like the Guilfri.
So if you're doing web services,
try out the free-threaded version.
At least one developer there is completely happy
with what we have now.
Yeah, that's super nice.
A bit of real-time follow-up.
Yes, indeed.
It is the same Giovanni.
All right.
Who creates Granian.
So with any of these web production app servers
where you run your Python code when it's running,
whether it's Django, Flask, whatever,
there's a process that runs your code.
Very often, the way that we've got them to work around the GIL,
like in the web, the GIL is a much smaller problem.
It's still a problem, but it's less.
because what we do often is we create a web garden.
So when you set up Grand, you can say,
and start four copies of yourself.
So that, yes, they all have the gil,
but we'll round-robin request between the four.
So if you've got four cores, four CPUs,
you basically can say, well, each one of these is dedicated to a CPU,
and it can kind of match, right?
Yeah, so we're running on Grand, good stuff.
But the thing is, when you have this free-threaded option,
you can actually have true concurrency in your one worker.
So instead of scaling out four copies, you could have just one
and just say, let that one take 10 concurrent requests
or whatever it needs to take.
So that's how the free-threaded gets better.
And like, well, okay, why?
What's like six, one, half dozen, the other?
No.
The memory becomes a problem when you create these little web gardens
because if normally your server would use half a gig
and you create four, well, now it's two gigs,
and maybe that bumps you up in another tier and so on, right?
Yeah, and if you need that memory for data, you don't have it.
Yeah, so I think that's kind of one of the angles
of not just your writing concurrent code,
but the foundations of your code running can do so more efficiently
because they're no longer needing to work around processes,
limitations like, well, we've got to fan out these processes because of the kill.
Okay.
Back to the regular scheduled programming.
Free-threaded Python.
Let's keep going.
So here's an interesting article from a snake wearing a very fast,
it's a very fast snake with jet engines that is wearing a garbage collector.
So what I want to talk about is unlocking the performance in Python's free-threaded future GC optimization.
So garbage collection is not something that we frequently talk about a ton in Python.
We don't think a lot about GC.
We don't think a lot about memory.
I don't know why.
As you know, Brian, in C++, people are always about it.
Like, oh my gosh, what size of point and what size of integer
are we going to use for this?
And it's just way more in the forefront.
But it's nice every now and then to peel back the covers
and get a look at what's going on here.
So Neil Schemenauer wrote this article over here
from QuantSight.
They do a bunch of data science primarily.
But here, check this out.
This is news to me, actually, even though I'm still
interested in these things.
It says, first, the most important thing to know
is that free-threaded Python uses a different garbage
collector than the default Python, the gil-enabled.
The gilded-- I still want to call it the gilded Python.
The gilded Python.
So we have the default GC, which people probably
understand pretty well.
When you create a number, like 1,000,
when you create a list, when you create an object from a class,
All of those things have a data structure at the top of them
that allows them to manage and track the memory.
And people think of the GIL as being a threading thing.
The GIL is really a protection mechanism for memory management
in Python.
It's basically protection against a race condition
in the reference counting.
So basically, interacting with this structure
that has seven things reference me and I reference it.
You know what I mean?
Like that sort of deal.
And when the thing goes out of scope, it decrements that,
and that's where the gil comes in to make that decrement safe and so on.
So that's the regular one.
But we don't even have that structure anymore in the free-threaded one.
So what?
So instead, when you allocate stuff,
it goes into a special memory managed heap called memalloc,
or managed by memalloc.
And this allows the GC to loop over all these objects
and figure out which ones are junk and which ones aren't.
A little bit like a mark and sweep garbage collector.
So there's a couple of interesting things.
One is that most of the mark and sweep garbage collectors
and that type of thing, they have generations,
like a generational one.
So it has Gen 0s where most objects come.
Then it'll check that frequently and so on.
That's also how the garbage collector that
looks for cycles in the regular Python goes.
But it doesn't work here because of unmanaged C
extensions and a bunch of stuff like that.
So what it does is it can mark all the objects reachable
from what it calls known roots.
So instead of trying to scan the entire memory space,
it says, well, what are globals, what are locals, what are--
you know, it sort of follow those,
and it marks those as active.
And they can automatically be excluded from the search,
which is kind of like a generational optimization.
So pretty interesting.
But here's the takeaway.
We were talking about making things faster
by using free-threaded Python.
With this one, the free-threaded GC collection
is between 2 to 12 times faster than the 3.13 version.
Wow.
That's pretty wild, right?
Yeah.
So depending on how your algorithms work,
do you have a super pointer-heavy allocation-heavy type
of algorithm, then we'll probably see a bigger benefit
than if you just allocate a few things
and jam on those.
So anyway, if you want to peel back the covers
and see the GC, I didn't even know they were different,
but apparently they're different, and presumably
maybe they could even have multi-threaded GC stuff going on.
That might be cool, or background thread GC.
I know there's a lot of different things
that happen in some of these systems,
these garbage collector systems.
Yeah, and finally, a little bit of real time,
not quite real time, but real world follow-up, I'll say.
So for some reason, I can't remember what I was doing.
Something I had to do, I had to go back,
go through all the examples of my async programming course
at Talk Python.
So I went back in there.
And I said, all right, well, let me just
make sure everything's running, update all the dependencies.
I can't remember what it was.
But anyway, something had to be updated.
So I made sure all the dependencies got updated
and pinned them to newer ones.
And I'm like, well, there's a lot of changes here.
Let me make sure they're all running.
around and I ran every example from the course, which is probably 25 little apps.
And many of them are like, well, here's a web app, or here's just a way to do
multiprocessing, have a look at it.
But a lot of them were like, let's actually do this with threads.
And in this example with doing IO, you see it does make a difference.
In this example doing computational stuff, like no different or slower because
there's just overhead and it's still running one at a time, right?
Well, I decided to type uv-python 3.14t, run those examples,
and run them free-threaded.
The ones that used to have no benefit or a net negative
are now like seven times faster.
It would go like synchronous one, 10.2 seconds.
Async or threaded one, rather, 10.25 seconds.
And now just put the T on the end, three seconds.
That's pretty cool.
That is pretty cool, man.
So to me, it's really down to what are the framework--
what are the packages and libraries that you're using?
If it's green across the board for free threaded,
that's pretty interesting.
opens up some real possibilities. Yeah. Also, I think I'll be looking forward to the, I know,
I don't know if we have a deadline or timeline for this, but when we can go back to having one
version of Python and it's being the free threaded one, it'll be, you know, maybe we can switch it
to be the default is the free threaded one. And for a couple of versions, there's the other one
You got to say 314G.
Yeah, or something like that.
And I think that would be good because the default way we think about how to program and how to program quickly and the rules of thumb based on the GIL will be gone.
So we'll teach people different.
Yeah.
So anyway.
And before we move on real quick, a follow up to your topic from chart here.
Also, if you're on Kubernetes, it makes setting reasonable CPU and memory requests more difficult to have to scale out the WebGarden type stuff.
So if you can just have one process, like this is the one, I think it's easier.
I believe that's what he was getting at.
Yeah.
And also, from the C++ world, yes, processes and threads both can work.
but thinking in threads is easier than thinking about
multi-processing. 100%. Because you have shared memory.
You don't have to proxy stuff over and figure out how to sync it back up and copy it.
To queues and all sorts of...
I can't resist. I've got to say it. I've got to put this out there in the world
and see what you think. One thing right now, we have
the gilded Python and we have the free-threaded Python. And I can choose to run the free-threaded
as we've been talking about, if I want that.
But what about this, Brian?
This is what I want to put out in the world.
I want-- like right now, if I have a project,
and I've got some data, and I need to process this
in parallel on the gilded one, I need
to maybe do multiprocessing.
So that's going to spin up five little baby Python processes
all to go jam on that, right?
That's how you get around the gilded.
What about this?
What if you could pass a flag to multiprocessing,
and it would start up free-threaded Python with threads
instead of a bunch of different processes that can't coordinate
on whatever algorithm.
You just say, run multiprocessing, but this time
do it in free-threaded Python as your little multiprocess burst,
and then come back to me with the answers.
That would be cool.
Yeah.
You're not convinced?
I mean, you could that way, because you won't write.
I mean, your code has to be different, though.
Just that one function, though.
And you don't have to pay.
You know what I mean?
You're like, this one function that I'm going to call multiprocessing on,
I'm going to write it assuming that it will be an advantage to be threaded,
or it will be an advantage to be concurrent.
But the rest of my code, I don't have to rewrite.
Like, it'd be a cool way to sort of bring, kind of like Cython lets you bring
and say, this one function, if just this were way faster,
it would make all the difference.
You could do that, but for free threading.
I would like to see that.
It would be interesting.
Yeah.
Yeah, or just a chunk to say, like, yeah, this subsystem is a free thread.
With free threading.
No.
All right.
Go ahead.
Okay.
Completely different tangent is we're going to go back in time by a couple of one or two episodes.
We've been, the last few episodes, or two or three, talking about lazy imports.
because I thought they were coming in 315.
They're proposed in 315, but they're not here.
So, or they're not accepted yet.
I haven't checked.
I don't think that anything's changed.
So last episode, I did talk about lazy imports
that you can use today.
Responding to that, Bob Bilderbos wrote up,
had a discussion on LinkedIn.
and part of that discussion we had wheel mccugan hop in and said that he's excited about the pep
and that he uses lazy he has a lazy loading mechanism for textuals widgets which totally
makes sense like widgets um you might just need a button but you don't need like all of the
all of the other widgets be cool if you could just load what you needed and he's got that so i
Checked it out. I was checking this out. And I think this is sort of a small topic, but I think it's cool. So the idea that I want to highlight is I presented last week in a method for doing lazy loading now or lazy importing now on things that you depend on.
You're like, you don't have to wait. You can be lazy today.
But what about like, yeah, exactly. What about if you're the package? If you have a big package that you have a bunch of stuff that people might want to import, making it so that you're not the problem, that your package is going to import really fast because behind the scenes you're doing lazy importing for people.
And that's essentially what Textual does.
And the implementation is, like, really easy.
He's using a, basically, when you access anything, he's overriding the get adder function.
So if you access a widget, it's going to try to just grab it out of a dictionary.
And, of course, right away it's going to fail.
And then if it fails, he goes ahead and imports it and then stores it in.
So the next time somebody tries to grab it, it's going to be there.
So there's a little bit of misdirection here.
But in the end, you get lazy loading on every widget access.
So pretty cool.
So I thought, you know, this is pretty neat.
I don't want it just to be hidden.
It's not hidden.
It's an open source project.
So I went ahead and wrote all this up in a new post called Polite Lazy Imports for Python Package Maintainers.
Very nice.
So I'll link to that also.
But I just thought that the implementation is totally clever.
And maybe for other package maintainers, this is like, well, yeah, that's the way you do it.
But it was new to me, and I thought it was neat.
So there we go.
Also want to shout out, I didn't realize there was both get adder.
Get adder is used for if it's not found, for missing items.
But also there's another one called get attribute.
And I did look up.
I really appreciate that Trey Hunter had posted this every Dunder method article.
So pretty cool.
I totally have this bookmarked.
that I'm like, if I want to understand the Dunder method
in Python, I go here.
So yeah, very cool.
And I know it for classes, but for modules as well.
Interesting.
Yeah, I don't think-- and packages.
So this is-- you go ahead and throw it.
Well, I guess it is for modules.
But if you put that in a Dunder init file,
then it's for your entire package.
Yeah, exactly.
Very cool.
I love it.
Nice.
All right.
Is that all your extras?
Well, that's just.
Your main thing.
That's my main thing.
What do you got for extras then?
I do have one extra.
Do it.
The one extra.
So one of the things I've been doing is I've been, you know,
I paused Python people a long time ago,
and I totally stopped doing testing code.
I focused on this too and focused on work,
but I'm also writing more.
And one of the things I'm doing is writing a book on test-driven development.
And I don't have an announcement yet, but in the next couple of weeks, I think I might have an announcement.
But if you'd like to know, I guess what I'm going to do is I'm going to write the book.
But to motivate me and to make people not have to wait, I'm doing it as a  you know how Manning does the early access books and Pragmatic has beta books?
I'm kind of doing that.
I'm doing a lean, trying to do a lean startup applied to books.
And I'm going to release it after I've got, I'm like, you know, do a rough first draft,
clean it up a little bit and then release it for every chapter.
And then as I go along, incorporate feedback from people.
And then once the whole thing is good and polished, I might bring on an editor or something,
or maybe just release it.
But if you'd like to know more about that, I'll announce it here.
but also if you'd like to know it the minute it's available,
join the newsletter over at Python Test and I'll let you know.
Yeah, we really do appreciate when you join our newsletter.
You might think, oh, we can just announce these things on social media
or on the podcast, but it's not the same.
A lot of people miss it because they miss an episode
or social media is just a screaming feed of stuff.
It really makes a difference.
So join the newsletter.
Also, I want to talk about there's newsletters
and then there's newsletters.
So this isn't really, I don't do a weekly like eight tips on testing.
That would be cool.
I just don't have time to do that.
But so it's mostly announcements if there's something to keep track of.
But people like you and me and others, we're using things like, I'm using Kit, but there's others.
I've used other email things before.
I don't keep track of who's subscribed.
So I'm not going to sell this to anybody or anything.
It's just an announcement thing.
And you can unsubscribe anytime.
And I don't even know.
Like once you're unsubscribed, you're gone.
I don't have the access to that.
So there's people that abuse newsletters and people that I don't think there's a lot of people in the Python tech space that do, though.
So it's not spammy.
Anyway, moving on.
Do you have any extras for us?
I actually have a couple.
Let's jump over and hear about it.
Very exciting news.
I am really happy with this new course that I created called
Agentic AI Programming for Python Devs and Data Scientists.
Cool.
Yeah, and the idea is basically, so we have these agentic AI tools
like Claude Code and Cursor and Juni and all of them,
but how do you actually be successful with them, right?
I've talked a few times about just insane productivity
and really good outcomes that I've had.
And people are like, how are you doing that?
So this course is like a real-world set of guidelines
and examples and best practices for working with agentic AI.
So we'll spend an hour building a really detailed application,
but it also talks almost for an hour about guardrails and roadmaps
and how you get it to do exactly what you want.
When I say build an app, don't just build the app,
but build it with uv, write high test tests,
format it with rough, with this TAML,
and you don't have to do any--
but how do you get it to give you what you want,
not something in the vague general space of what you ask for?
You know what I mean?
So sort of a practical agentic AI programming course.
So I really-- I'm getting crazy amounts of good feedback
on this course.
So people check it out.
The link is in the show notes.
I think it's talkpython.fm/agentic-ai.
So that one's fun.
What else?
I'm also going to be on talking with Hugo Bowen-Anderson.
He's running the Vanishing Gradients podcast.
He was on Talk Python a while ago.
And now I'm going to be on his show, Data Science Meets Agentic AI.
Sort of a follow-up for my Talk Python in production book,
plus this course I just talked about.
Those kind of ideas, we're going to spend some time riffing on that.
So that's tomorrow night US time.
So check that out.
All right.
Also, OpenAI introduced an AI browser wrapping Google Chrome called Atlas.
This is interesting.
I played with it.
I'm not convinced.
I mean, it's kind of fine.
I don't know.
I don't even know what to think about these things.
That's not why I included it.
Maybe it's sort of interesting as a side note.
But I linked to the Ars Technica article.
Holy smokes, you guys.
Check out the comments.
They are not loving it.
And it's not OpenAI's fault exactly.
It's just this idea of AI taking over everything is not,
at least if there's not everyone hating on it,
there's a very vocal group of people who don't love it.
And I just noticed that Kyle Orland wrote this.
And he actually wrote a whole book on Minesweeper, which props to him for that.
Oh, that's awesome.
I got to check that out.
I'm like, geez, it's been a long time to thought about Minesweeper.
Anyway, this is actually just a really interesting cultural touchpoint, I think.
So people can check that out.
All right.
James Abel, I think he was behind Pi Bay this year, but yeah, down in the San Francisco area,
said, hey, somehow we were talking about dunder name,
if dunder name equals dunder main.
I said, hey, I have a package.
It's real, real simple.
But instead of writing this, if you want to get people started,
you can just import my thing and say if is main as a simpler, saner way.
That maybe should be a built-in, don't you think, Python?
Yeah.
Or what I would rather see is if is main.
Here's what I would like to see,
but I don't know that Python has a mechanism for it.
I would like to say at the top something
to the effect of register this function as me.
And then when it's done parsing the file, then it runs it.
Because even this, which is super helpful,
if you accidentally put code below it, it's a problem.
You know what I mean?
I would like Python to enforce, we load the whole file,
and then it runs, a cool mechanism for that.
But still, this is pretty nice.
And at first I thought I was just like wrapping if name is main, right?
But in fact, it's like doing something a little bit different here.
It's using the inspect stack to go back and then look at the value.
Because obviously it itself is not main, so it can't do that test.
So I don't know, kind of cute.
Yeah.
If you don't want to have a dependency on this library,
you could take that line of code and put it somewhere
as a utility class in yours.
OK.
I'm just going to throw this out there.
If you want to do something really fast,
make sure you time this.
Because every time I've added inspect,
I love the inspect library.
But whenever I add it, it slows things down.
OK.
Just benchmark.
Benchmark it.
All right.
Inline.
If you're an IntelliJ person like PyCharm, wouldn't it be nice, Brian?
Wouldn't it be incredible if, while you're working,
a little pet could walk around in the bottom?
Anthony Shaw, I believe, is the one who added this to VS Code.
But PyCharm people can love animals too.
So you could install the pet into your PyCharm now.
Oh, cool.
Nice.
I don't know that I'm going to be doing it.
This is a last minute edition.
I just got a brand new M5 iPad.
How insane is that?
The last one I had, I got five years ago.
I'm like, eh, it's probably time.
I got a 13-inch iPad Pro, which is an insanely large iPad.
But I've started using it as the second monitor for my laptop if I'm traveling or if I'm at a coffee shop or something.
And that's a super cool experience.
Just put them side by side if they're on the same network or with a cable.
and they just do real, real low latency dual monitor stuff.
Yeah, it's pretty neat.
So just a little shout out to that.
That's incredible.
It's like having a new laptop, a second laptop,
for the price of a second laptop.
Yes, it is.
But here's the thing.
Yes, I agree.
But it's also a really nice reading device,
which I do a lot of reading and stuff.
Okay.
And I was going to get one of the cheaper ones.
One of the things that drives me, I have a MacBook Air as my main laptop computer,
and the same chip for my main computer.
I don't have a high-end computer, and it's plenty good for Docker stuff,
for programming stuff, all these things.
It's totally fine, but here's the thing.
The iPad Air, while great, its peak brightness is something like 500 or 600 nits.
And if you're working, like I like to work in my back outside area in the summer.
Like that's kind of not relevant right now.
But in general, sit outside, enjoy the weather, get out of the office.
And if it's at all bright through a window or somewhere, it's really a pain.
This thing is like the best screen you can buy on a Mac, period, whatever.
And it's 1,000 nits.
So you could push the computer to the side and just put the laptop in front of you and type on it.
It's really nice.
Anyway, that's the main reason.
I want a brighter screen without having a MacBook Pro.
I feel so bad for you having to deal with, like, working outside in such bright light.
It's really horrible.
I know.
You should really.
It's hard.
It's hard to be me.
All right.
Carrying on with the jokes.
No, go ahead.
Well, before we get to the joke, I want to, I guess, highlight, going back to my announcement of possibly a book.
Jepinal7 says, a TDD book by Brian.
Can't wait.
Also, talk Python.
training courses are great. Kudos.
Yeah. I'm looking forward to getting that book out
and I'm looking forward to that AI course.
Yeah. Thanks. Yeah. Same.
All right. I'm not looking forward to surgery.
I'll tell you what. And it's getting to be weird, Brian.
I mean, like doctors using AI and stuff.
Actually, we probably are going to get better diagnoses
as for certain things with that.
But here's a surgeon situation.
There's a person who just, they're in post-op, okay?
They're laying there like, oh man, a little woozy from the anesthesia coming out of it.
And the doctor, which is a robot with a ChatGPT-like, I don't think it's, is it the same?
I don't know.
An AI logo for a robot face.
And the patient says, but why is the scar on the left if the appendix is on the right?
The AI surgeon says, you're absolutely right.
Let me try that one more time.
please don't try it one more time it's so bad it's pretty bad yeah but it's pretty funny
that actually drives me nuts when when i'm like this doesn't sound right is this you know
the user is pointing out i've made a mistake oh you're right yeah oh well it's yeah
So, yeah, just get a second opinion.
So if opening is going to operate on you,
have Anthropic be the backup, I guess, is the moral of the story.
I don't know.
I don't think that's the moral of the story.
You don't think so?
Okay.
Maybe somebody trained in medicine.
Trained on medicine?
I'm sure they are.
Trained with heavy medication.
Yeah, exactly.
All right, cool.
Well, fun as always.
Well, definitely fun as always, and we'll see everybody next week.
Yep, see ya.